Fix jumping horizontal scrollbar in Pill Tabs (#1873)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/itchy-cycles-lie.md

---
"@itwin/itwinui-react": patch
---

> Fixed `Tab` stripe width calculation that sometimes used to caused unnecessary overflow and thus caused a horizontal scrollbar in `TabList`.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed `Tab` stripe width and position calculation that sometimes used to cause unnecessary overflow and thus cause a horizontal scrollbar in `TabList`.
```

> Fixed `Tab` stripe width and position calculation that sometimes used to cause unnecessary overflow and thus cause a horizontal scrollbar in `TabList`.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed `Tab` stripe size and position calculation that sometimes used to cause unnecessary overflow and thus cause a horizontal scrollbar in `TabList`.
```
